Ah, good.
Mr. Yang, thank you very much for your trust in us.
I will definitely be responsible to the end.
Since there is no problem, I will go back first.
I will ask the assistant to contact you later.
Ok, take your time.
Ah, Mr. Yang, please
Shouldn't you be re-examining?
Why are you here?
What to ask and what not to ask
Don't you understand?
It depends on your face that today's cooperation can be achieved.
Don't worry, I know what to do next.
Hey
President Su, President Yang
You left our plan in my office.
You see, I patronize and talk to Xiaofu
I forgot everything.
Mr. Su, then I'll go first
Mr. Liu, this way please
That's right, I'm the special author Fuxin by the vice president's side
But that was before
Xiaofu was a special work of the vice president before
Fuxin
What identity is it?
Zhou Ke
Mr. Su, are you looking for me?
Check the background information on the revival
The sooner the better.